hey guys so first thank you and welcome
to coming to this video of mine this
will be talking about the two - Matt -
Mia trucks that you see in front of you
it's basically this is an RC channel
that I created with all sorts of RC
stuff as you can see they're drones
whatnot I've got all sorts but anyways
it's not about them it's about these
beautiful trucks as you see I've pretty
much completed the M Anu
yeah and now I've had it a few weeks now
put some stickers on it from working
that these are all from the company I
work up lately I'll probably show you
this before anyway but as you can see
there's a dashboard painted
got myself a little guy in there now
sorry about the focus I always apologize
about that one day I will get another
camera we've got a little have a little
forklift on the back it doesn't work I
basically got this from a sort of
charity shop thing found it for a few
bub poplar quid
few euros few dollars whatever you want
to say look does the job looks right but
some of you guys might see the other
truck I have behind there now that is
the one with the sound box on what you
can maybe hear in the background
it's got working lights with sound
effects as well as it lights they can be
turned on enough main beam well normal
main beam like say yards
you got your horn that one is room from
the f-14 from Futaba I actually got this
out of Steel it was a great price I
bought this secondhand and it's a little
beauty yep what was that now half a
on the floor anyway I'll just open her
up a sec because I could see I haven't
connected the lights and you some of you
guys might be thinking well why are you
opening the back then to connect the
lights well some of you might already
know now I'm pulling out a battery but
basically this has got an infrared
infrared well basically coupling unit
and sorry about this guys I'm trying to
get this stupid to me aesthetically took
a join there you go we've got some power
we got some lights at the back actually
cuz it guys can see we'll close up these
doors but we'll just like to say this is
a beautiful little truck scale enjoy
driving it around my living room a lot
of fun okay you can have a lot of fun
with these guys it's not all about going
fast you know I've got the fast ones too
got myself some scale and low load of
weed eco wheels on that too because this
trailer I have made myself is homemade
and it is extendable some of you guys
might not want to watch all of this
because it does take about a minute
altogether but some of you guys might
want to so as you can see there's my
extendable trailer which is running off
a mower so any of you guys have got
questions about this I will gladly help
or show you how I made this pretty much
it's very simple it's just a motor
basically with a threaded bar simple you
put a note on it yeah well I'd have to
show you real it's easy but it's not
really able to do anyone any old Joe can
do it I do like this truck like this new
truck as well well not new this actually
second and this is the newest put in my
case the oldest as you can see I haven't
finished the trailer I need to put a few
bits in here I'm going to put a box on
top because I want to put the battery
unit in there apart because I use on
this truck 10,000 milliamp gneissic see
she's pretty much extended out to a full
length what I have around 10 centimetres
so you can turn her off and bring her
back again so as you guys can see she'll
bring the self back again well I'm just
kicking everything about
yeah I do like this
good fun great little trailer made this
over about a week period basically I was
waiting for the wheels tires that's what
took me the longest as you see the
lights of flashing on that trailer which
has an infrared coupling I have to set
that but I took the scene here you have
one of the LEDs and the other LED there
that picks up the signals from the unit
inside the cabin
I do use lipo batteries on these trucks
this one has got a 10,000 milliamp this
one now it's got a six thousand milliamp
well that's the reason I want to build a
box on here for this one because it's
quite a big battery magically it makes a
lot of noise this because I have got a
gear box sort of in a little mini gear
box that's bringing it back I know guys
will stop that anyway here it will keep
going if you really want well I'll show
you I'll let it show just a few guys
that think it won't show us something
put some carbon fiber bits on here too
I need to sticker all this up yet I
bought a light unit today from the RC
over shop near me and basically I'll
just see how it goes oh I need to
install the light set as you can see
she's pretty much what I always
have to do it I just give it a little
click here just to bring it into
position so yeah I hope you like it guys
and if not that's fine too just give me
a thumbs down if you liked it give me a
thumbs up so I'll appreciate it I don't
just do this hobby for myself although
it I do say to people enjoy your hobby
do for yourself make sure it's for
memories but I do it for you guys as
well because you know what if there's
more information out there the more
people can enjoy this stuff you know
well anyway guys thanks very much for
watching please subscribe rate comment
all the works for the next time for me
as a 69
you